README.md, before:

# TraceMON
TraceMON is a web application for visualising network topology generated by traceroutes reaching one or more targets in a network.

Read more: https://labs.ripe.net/Members/massimo_candela/tracemon-traceroute-visualisation-network-debugging-tool

# Documentation
https://atlas.ripe.net/docs/tools-tracemon/

# Embed in you page/dashboard

```
<script src="https://atlas.ripe.net/resource/tracemon/tracemon-widget-main.js"></script>
<div id="place-here"></div>
<script>
    initTracemon(
        '#place-here',
        {},
        { measurements:[6932659, 4471092] }
        );
</script>
```
See documentation for more info

# Building

Install require.js and run:

npx r.js -o app.build.1.js  # generates dev/libs/jquery-libs.js
npx r.js -o app.build.2.js  # generates tracemon-dist.js
npx r.js -o app.build.3.js  # generates tracemon-core-dist.js

# Acknowledgments
If you are using TraceMON -or an image of the tool- on your website, include a link "About TraceMON" or "TraceMON" pointing to this url: https://labs.ripe.net/Members/massimo_candela/tracemon-traceroute-visualisation-network-debugging-tool

Usually this notice is added by the widget itself. If you have a version of the code that doesn't do that, add it manually.

Please, always refer to the tool with the correct name of TraceMON.

If you are sharing a link to a TraceMON instance or an image of the tool on a social media, add the tag #TraceMON
The watermark of TraceMON and RIPE Atlas must be always visible.

Commit message:

Add note about not using ES6+ features

README.md, after:

# TraceMON
TraceMON is a web application for visualising network topology generated by traceroutes reaching one or more targets in a network.

Read more: https://labs.ripe.net/Members/massimo_candela/tracemon-traceroute-visualisation-network-debugging-tool

# Documentation
https://atlas.ripe.net/docs/tools-tracemon/

# Embed in you page/dashboard

```
<script src="https://atlas.ripe.net/resource/tracemon/tracemon-widget-main.js"></script>
<div id="place-here"></div>
<script>
    initTracemon(
        '#place-here',
        {},
        { measurements:[6932659, 4471092] }
        );
</script>
```
See documentation for more info

# Building

Install require.js and run:

npx r.js -o app.build.1.js  # generates dev/libs/jquery-libs.js
npx r.js -o app.build.2.js  # generates tracemon-dist.js
npx r.js -o app.build.3.js  # generates tracemon-core-dist.js

Only ES5 features are supported by the optimizer, so no arrow functions, const/let etc.

# Acknowledgments
If you are using TraceMON -or an image of the tool- on your website, include a link "About TraceMON" or "TraceMON" pointing to this url: https://labs.ripe.net/Members/massimo_candela/tracemon-traceroute-visualisation-network-debugging-tool

Usually this notice is added by the widget itself. If you have a version of the code that doesn't do that, add it manually.

Please, always refer to the tool with the correct name of TraceMON.

If you are sharing a link to a TraceMON instance or an image of the tool on a social media, add the tag #TraceMON
The watermark of TraceMON and RIPE Atlas must be always visible.
